Then we have and justification check Skidder.
It's a configuration for mitigation of update.
Mynydd send your mitigation in a specific time in about what's do you see a writer enable then we have
the name of the notification every hour and six minutes after letter that's mean when he completes updates
one hour later and six minutes we'll send you on that occasion did you come in to get on that indication
in your email inbox.
Then we have the VM sitting.
It's about a virtual machine.
This one is interation about the VM where you're when you make an updated VM well-drawn.
What do you think that you'll do.
It's take a snapshot of the Diom before remediate to enable rollback.
That's mean when you want to make an update to the true.
It is necessary to take a snapshot to avoid any problem happen drove the VM up to updates because VM
Where is our software when you make an update to that software.
It can crash your operating system or disable the network or anything can happen in your virtual machine.
So it is necessary to take a snapshot for this virtual machine.
If the updates go successfully then you can back and delete those natural or we can config delete the
snapshot after a moment to click.
It did it's true you take a snapshot of the virtual machine before you mediate to enable Rohrbach DeMoss
delayed.
It does not mean after taking a snapshot he will keep this snapshot forever but then you can't change
it to keep it for one note or for example a 6 hour or maybe after 24 hour that's when you are sure that
the updates work successively etc..
So it is always want it to the latest nuptials.
After a moment of weight costumey size every time you make an update didn't we have the house and cluster
stitching the different stitching for the cluster.
This is the default setting but of course you can change the city from the E6 I has an example where
we are low on installation of additional software disable to hide operability other mission control
by default.
It's not because it will keep the hides of ability when an updates happen to the host when updates happen.
With a load has to retry in maintenance mode in case of Filer that's me.
If something wrong happen to update put the horse into mountainous mode it changes true yes that's mean.
David your machine in the hall should be evacuated to another host.
This is the root of the site that will reboot.
Does your machine in another host.
But sometimes you need to change this option to yes to disable to hide ability.
For example you have a smart environment.
In addition we have only three halls.
If something happened to one of those House and the entry in the maintenance mode the other host country
report the virtual machine of the host so we'd have a problem in the situation.
So we need to disable to hide our ability in this situation.
Then we have to be updating it's in question about the app that we talk about it's smart to reboot after
remediate.
That's mean when it completes the installation of the update.
You need to start a reboot for the virtual machine in the app.
This is the default option.
And next we're going to try to make some editing and updates for a different level.
To be.